# naming
getFoo() - the caller expects that foo exists, and if not, it throws. Mostly, it has some kind of ID as param.

Example: getProductByCodeName("BTTF")
findFoos() - the caller expects that foo may not exist, in which case the methods returns null. Parameters are typically some "foreign keys" - ids to other objects, or enum values.

Example: findCarModelsMadeBy(CarMaker.FORD)
listFoos() - provides a list of foos, or empty list if none are present. Typically, gives items that are already prepared (eagerly loaded), and may return an Iterator, Stream, Sequence, etc.

Example: invoice.listItems()
searchFoos() or queryFoos() - does some kind of active search by given values. May also search by vague criteria like patterns, search queries etc.

Example: searchBooks(QueryBuilder.withTopicKeywords("japan middle age anjin"))
lookupFoo() - typically calls a remote service to get some information by an ID. Comes from the conventions of JavaEE.

Example: bankInfoService.lookupBankInfo("NL12")
provideFoos() - typical for some kind of repositories which do not change too often and is not supposed to be called too often, like, a provider of implementations of some interface, called during application boot.

Example: ProductConfigProvider.provideProductConfigs()
loadFoos() - inditaces that getting the operation may involve costly I/O (disk access, database roundtrip, web service call).

Example: s3archive.loadFilesFromDay(LocalDate.now())
try*Foos() - explicitly indicates that it will handle errors / exceptions, either by returning null, empty list, or a predefined wrapping exception. Often used as a util method to wrap a method unconveniently throwing if it does not find.


# Update vs Modify vs Change - Create vs Add - Delete vs Remove

## What's best calling these things depends on:

Who is using the system;
what is the nature of the action really being performed;
what other actions may be performed.
## The Programmers View
With relation to databases (and data-driven APIs) there's the famous CRUD operations, which stand for Create/Read/Update/Destroy (and respectively Post/Get/Put/Delete).

In many programming languages you may first create a record, then add it to a container, then remove it from the container, then destroy or delete it.

Also, in programming, change often denotes something that is yet to be persisted (saved to the database or file), while update denotes persisting the change. Modify is not common, but you do get modified records as a flag for a non-persisted state (aka, dirty records).

## Everyday Language
You can argue that people will agree on these definitions:

You create something from scratch. Like create a new report.

Once in existence, you add something to a container. Like adding a person to the managers group.

By modifying something you change its properties. Like modifying a design.

By updating something you change the data, but not the design. Like updating someone's phone number.

By changing something you replace one existing thing with another. Like changing your profile photo.

By removing something you take it out of a container. Like removing something from the fridge - the thing still exist.

By destroying something you do the opposite from creating - gone forever. Like destroying a toy.

By deleting something you wipe it off, so it is no longer retrievable. This is said with the obvious exception that nowadays people are accustomed to the 'undelete' feature. So somewhat of an ambiguity here, but it is a standard in interfaces to use the term for permanent delation.

## My Recommendations
Prefer Add over Create unless there's a clear create-then-add mechanism. Although technically (and as you said) create means it never existed before, while programmers think about 'records' users think about the abstraction these stand for. While for you adding a person's record makes perfect sense, 'creating a person' or 'creating a task' is less intuitive than 'adding a person' (to the system) or 'adding a task' (to the task list). Obviously, if your users are IT professionals and fluent with what a database and records are, prefer create over add.
If persistance is involved, prefer update over change. Having said that, users are accustomed to 'save changes'. Don't use modify.
Prefer Remove for non-permanent removal, and Delete for permanent removal.